c:\users\levip_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\bin\Debug\Media player.exe.config
c:\users\levip_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\bin\Debug\Media player.exe
c:\users\levip_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\bin\Debug\Media player.pdb
c:\users\levip_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\obj\Debug\Media player.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\levip_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\levip_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\levip_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\obj\Debug\Media player_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\levip_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\levip_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\obj\Debug\Media player.g.resources
c:\users\levip_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\obj\Debug\Media_player.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\levip_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\obj\Debug\Media player.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\levip_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\obj\Debug\Media player.exe
c:\users\levip_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\obj\Debug\Media player.pdb
c:\users\levip_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\obj\Debug\Media player_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\levip_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\bin\Debug\Images\pause.png
C:\Users\levip_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\bin\Debug\Images\play.png
C:\Users\levip_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\obj\Debug\Media player_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\levip_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\bin\Debug\Images\back2.png
C:\Users\levip_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\bin\Debug\Images\foward.png
C:\Users\levip_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\bin\Debug\Images\load.png
C:\Users\levip_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\bin\Debug\Images\fullscreen7.png
C:\Users\levip_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\bin\Debug\Images\unmute.png
C:\Users\levip_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\bin\Debug\Images\mute2.png
C:\Users\levip_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\bin\Debug\Images\Unscreen2.png
C:\Users\levip_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\bin\Debug\Images\MusicVid.mp4
C:\Users\levip_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\bin\Debug\Images\Left.png
C:\Users\levip_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\bin\Debug\Images\Right.png
C:\Users\levip_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Media player\Media player\bin\Debug\Images\rotate3.png
